Would have come movies mail to e guy 28 days
A little
28 you should see now
Once failed to rescue Maki Koyose, it's here now
It was a good thing.
It was part of the plan to fail once
Uncle to see it
Was
Nice to meet only
Of my 15 years ago department Paryi
The
Words that say open this email
It looks that failed to save Chris
It was crazy, but the real pain gave me an anniversary
So
It did not afford to particular there was no
now
It's like a preparation
Now you can finally get into the planning problem
It plans to enter the Makise Kurisu save us Steins gate
Two conditions
Dr. M. brought to Russia
A dissertation on the god of time
Burying away from this world
The other is to save Komise Makise
I hope I can do it
To avoid the death of Makise Kurisu is to alter the past
Impossible due to the convergence of the adjector fielder
stop for a
It is possible to make turkey Lee Chris
It's just the wrong way
Listen well
Do not change the fixed past
Don't let the first unconfident have never seen
If you do not do something happens past changes occur
Everything is lost
Whether you are there do remember that you have experience in the World Championship
If you only have 3 weeks
There should be a memory I remembered
To Moyo sacrifice of many for applying Mayuri with Chris
There should be an experience of continuing to wander
Do n't waste your 3 weeks of world war drifting
Don't make it happen
It is because I traveled a number of worldly
You're in there you want to help Chris
I am here who dedicated everything to time machine development
Precisely because us is the place where you are standing there has been a eye want to help Chris
It's a place I could reach
Shrank you ze ball because
Say that Chris is dead or save her before publishing
Let me observe that I am confident in writing a living clip
If the elephant is past change is big
So does that mean occur seen you
You should understand if you
By the way, the format of the time machine is
c 2 / Marion is
It goes without saying what the initials mean
We are
And the world manufacturing method of purpose
It is me that I named it Steinsgate
Why is that?
You should understand if you
There is no sense in commons
Mid mission from this
Explain what operations school says
Kaero the results without changing the confirmed corner
And to have Makise Kurisu collapse in bloody
Ota Rintaro who saw it
Change the result to improve its finalized corner
Thin your first
Let me go
It is a condition to reach the soybean gate
I think it's a dog
Practical
Child who works hard
Hmm
Hey whether the dog that after 15 years
For example I think was Shibuka'
good was Settsu'
amaran
It ends and El Pusaikonguruu to put the Nation Te Poe say hand
What are you doing but I also became 33
It is born, and it may not be fully opened
The gate is also mana
I'm a crazy mad port test
Features of the cocoon, such as fool our hospital Kyoshin world
Hmmm
Back to pick up to 5 minutes or there was you
Mayu likes this temporary person
See you again
Kanure is a
Mad Mad Scientist
There are many
The world got a in the my-energized